Biscom Mobile for iPhone Software End User License Agreement

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY:    This Software End User License ("License Agreement") is a legal document between you (either an individual or entity) and Biscom, Inc., a Massachusetts, U.S.A. corporation ("Biscom").   BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON OR BY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE ("Software") ON ANY DEVICE OR VIRTUAL DEVICE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.  If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this license, click the "DO NOT ACCEPT" button, discontinue the installation process and contact Biscom, Inc. immediately.
The Software is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties.  This license is granted by Biscom with its mailing address at 321 Billerica Rd., Chelmsford, Massachusetts 01824, U.S.A.
1. Provided that you or your organization has first paid a license fee for any Biscom software or service that you will use in conjunction with the Software, Biscom grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable license to use this version of the Software as contained herein.   You may use the Software in accordance with this agreement for as long as you wish or until you elect to update the Software, at which point you may be required to accept the license agreement pertaining to such updated version of the Software.   Once you upgrade the Software to any newer version, you may not be able to download, install or use the previous version of the Software on your device.
2. In the event that you have obtained this product for the purposes of evaluation or development, Biscom grants to you a temporary non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable license to use the Software as contained herein. You may use the Software in accordance with this agreement for the duration of the evaluation or development period, as approved by Biscom. Biscom retains the right to revoke this temporary license at its sole discretion at any time without notice.
3. You may use this copy of the Software only on one device and in conjunction with a licensed copy of any Biscom software or service, subject to the maximum number of users that are supported by such software or service as defined by the part number and the license agreement for such software or service.
4. You may not make any changes or modifications whatsoever to the Software. Without limiting the foregoing you may not decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the Software.   You may not combine the Software with any other software such as to create new software.   You may not rent or lease it to others without prior written permission from Biscom. 
5. Title to and ownership of the Software shall at all times remain with Biscom.  Biscom retains all trademark, patent, copyright, intellectual property rights and all rights not expressly granted. Under no circumstances will you be deemed an owner of a copy of the Software within the meaning of Section 117 of the Copyright Act of 1976 (as amended).  
6. This Software is Commercial Computer Software under Federal Government Acquisition Regulations and Agency supplements to them.  Furthermore, the export of this product is governed by the U.S. Department of Commerce under its export administration regulations.  You may not remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of any part of the Software or applicable documentation incorporated in the Software, if any, or any direct product thereof in violation of any restrictions, laws or regulations of the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, or any other United States or foreign agency or authority.   You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Software except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List.   By using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list.  Furthermore, this version of the Software, as distributed on the App Store, is authorized for distribution and use only within the U.S.A.
7. You will not use or allow others to use the Software in any way for spamming, chain letters, junk fax or distribution lists to any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process. You will not use or allow others to use the Software for any phishing or identity theft scheme. You will not use or allow others to use the Software for distributing any copyrighted material, including documents, literary works, photographs, images, or other material that has distribution restrictions. You will not use or allow others to use the Software to distribute any unlawful, harassing, defamatory, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable or illegal material or any material that violates any third party's intellectual property rights of any kind. You will only use the Software for lawful purposes, in compliance with all applicable laws including, without limitations, copyright, trademark, obscenity and defamation laws. Unlawful activities may include (without limit) storing, distributing or transmitting any unlawful material, attempting to compromise the security of any networked account or site, or making direct threats of physical harm. You hereby agree to defend and indemnify Biscom against any claim or action that arises from your use of the Software in an unlawful manner or in any manner inconsistent with these terms and conditions. 
8. You hereby agree to, at your own expense, indemnify, defend and hold Biscom and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from and against any loss, cost, damages, liability, or expense arising out of or relating to:
(a) any fraud or breach of this Agreement by you; 
(b) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or 
(c) your use, or use by any third party that uses the Software on any device, virtual device or system that you own, lease or control. 
9. Pursuant to Paragraphs 8 and 20 of this Agreement, and for any other reason, Biscom will have the right to participate in its defense and hire counsel of its choice, at its own expense. You agree that you will not settle any action or claims on Biscom’s behalf without the prior written consent of Biscom. 
10. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
11. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Biscom in any respect whatsoever.
12. In any action or proceeding to enforce its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys' fees.
13. All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service; and upon receipt, if sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.
13. Biscom warrants that the Software, as delivered by Biscom and when used in accordance with the user documentation accompanying the Software and the terms of this License Agreement, will substantially perform in accordance with such documentation for a period of one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Software; provided, however, that Biscom shall not be liable under this warranty if the Software has been modified or altered by anyone other than Biscom, if the Software has been abused or misapplied, or if you have failed to incorporate all upgrades provided to you by Biscom. In the event of a breach of this warranty, you may return the defective Software to Biscom for either: (i) a refund of the licensee fee paid to Biscom by you hereunder, which shall be zero in the event that the Software was obtained at no charge; or (ii) replacement of the Software from Biscom without charge.   Replacement shall occur by downloading an updated version of the Software from the Apple, Inc. ("Apple") App Store ("App Store") after such time as Biscom has transmitted such updated Software to the App Store and the updated Software has been approved by Apple.   Either the replacement of defective software or obtaining a refund shall be your exclusive remedies for breach of this warranty.  Any other software and any hardware furnished with or accompanying the Software and not provided by Biscom is not warranted by Biscom.   
14. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND BISCOM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, INCLUDING ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BISCOM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THE OPERATION THEREOF IS OR WILL BE ACCURATE OR ERROR-FREE OR MEETS OR WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.  
15. BISCOM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SUCH LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION UNDER WHICH SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, WARRANTY, INDEMNIFICATION, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL BISCOM'S LIABILITY EXCEED THE LICENSE FEES PAID TO BISCOM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.   IN NO EVENT SHALL BISCOM'S LIABILITY EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS (USD 50.00).
16. It is expressly agreed that the validity, performance and construction of this Agreement and all claims arising directly or indirectly hereunder shall be governed by the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its principles regarding conflicts of laws.  The state and federal courts in Massachusetts shall have exclusive venue and jurisdiction for such disputes, and the parties hereto submit to personal jurisdiction in such courts. 
17. Biscom makes no guarantees that this Software will satisfy the customer’s compliance requirements with respect to security, confidentiality, and other compliance rules and regulations.
18. You may not assign this License Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of both Biscom and Apple.   
19. This license constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and Biscom relating to this License.  This agreement may only be modified by a written agreement signed by Biscom.  This agreement is in addition to any or all agreements you have with Apple.
20.  The following additional terms and conditions are required by Apple:
a. Acknowledgement: Biscom and You acknowledge that this License Agreement is concluded between Biscom and you only and not with Apple and Biscom, not Apple, is solely responsible for the licensed Software and the content thereof.
b. Scope of License: The license granted to you is a non-transferable license to use the Software on any one (1) Apple iPhone, iPad, or iPad Touch device that the end-user owns or controls and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service and as otherwise set forth in Paragraph 3 of this Agreement.
c. Maintenance and Support:  Biscom and You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Software.   For support contacts, please refer to the Biscom web site at www.biscom.com/support.
d. Warranty:  In the event of any failure of the Software to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Software to You, which price shall be zero if the Software was downloaded at no charge from the App Store; and that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Software, including any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty.
e. Product Claims: Biscom and You acknowledge that Biscom, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims by You or any third party relating to the Software or Your possession and/or use of that Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. 
f. Intellectual Property Rights: Biscom and You acknowledge that, in the event of a third party claim that the Software  or Your possession and use of the Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Biscom, not Apple, will not be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.   You must contact Biscom directly to make such inquiries.
g. Legal Compliance: You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.   
h. Developer Name and Address: Questions about this license, complaints, and claims should be directed to Biscom at 321 Billerica Road, Chelmsford, MA, 02493, USA, Attn:  Legal Department.    For other contact information, refer to the Biscom web site at www.biscom.com.
i. Third Party Beneficiary:  Biscom and You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this License Agreement, and that, upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this License Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof. 

Copyright © 2015 BISCOM, Inc. All rights reserved.
